Update to add SCID-less HTTP URLs, control over portability, and combining versionId-entryHash (#72)
bcgov/trustdidweb: spec/overview.md

The following is a `tl;dr` summary of how `did:tdw` works:

1. `did:tdw` uses the same DID-to-HTTPS transformation as `did:web`, so
   `did:tdw`'s  `did.jsonl` ([[ref: JSON Lines]]) file is found in the same
   location as `did:web`'s `did.json` file, and supports an easy transition
   from `did:web` to gain the added benefits of `did:tdw`.
2. The `did.jsonl` is a list of JSON [[ref: DID log entries]], one per line,
  whitespace removed (per [[ref: JSON Lines]]), each of which contains the
  information needed to derive a version of the DIDDoc from its preceding
  version.
3. Each log entry includes five JSON entries:

>     1. The `version` of the entry, value that combines a version number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. The `version` of the entry, a value that combines a version number
```

Reviewer: I think we should call it `versionId` to be consistent with the DID Core spec

Author: Yes!  I had it `version` initially, and thought I had changed all instances to `versionId`.  Will go through again to make sure. Good catch.

Author: Missed it in the overview.md file. Fixed now.

       (starting at `1` and incrementing by one per version), a literal dash

>        `-`, and a hash of the entry. The content of the hash is chosen so as to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       `-`, and a hash of the entry. The entry hash calculation method will
```
Wording could still be improved..

Author: Funny -- in fixing the previous item, I noticed and improved this as well. But I like your wording as well -- although I simplified it further...

    4. The new version of the DIDDoc as either a `value` (the full document) or
      a `patch` derived using [[ref: JSON Patch]] to update the new version from
      the previous entry.
    5. A [[ref: Data Integrity]] (DI) proof across the entry, signed by a DID
      Controller authorized to update the DIDDoc, using the `version` as the
      challenge.
4. In generating the first version of the DIDDoc, the DID Controller calculates
  the [[ref: SCID]] for the DID, including it as a `parameter` in the first log
  entry, and inserting it where needed in the initial (and all subsequent)
  DIDDocs. The SCID enables an optional portability capability, allowing a DID's
  web location to be moved to a new location while retaining the DID and version
  history of the DID.
5. A DID Controller generates and publishes the new/updated log file by making it
  available at the appropriate location on the web, based on the identifier of the
  DID.
6. Given a `did:tdw` DID, a resolver converts the DID to an HTTPS URL,
  retrieves, and processes the log file `did.jsonl`, generating and verifying
  each log entry as per the requirements outlined in this specification.

>     - In the process, the resolvers collects all the DIDDoc versions and public

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - In the process, the resolver collects all the DIDDoc versions and public
```

helped immensely in defining a practical, intuitive, straightforward, DID
method. The existing proof of concept implementations of the `did:tdw` DID
Method are listed in the [Implementors Guide](#Implementations). The current

> Typescript and Python implementations are less than 1500 lines of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typescript and Python implementations are each less than 1500 lines of code.
```

Author: Fixed.

helped immensely in defining a practical, intuitive, straightforward, DID
method. The existing proof of concept implementations of the `did:tdw` DID
Method are listed in the [Implementors Guide](#Implementations). The current

> Typescript and Python implementations are less than 1500 lines of Typescript

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Typescript and Python implementations are less than 1500 lines of
```
